Hello guys will come back whenever you think of the Keeshan features thing of the hotel scenario.
In this video we will create our first official Sign-Up API which in the hotel analogy customer has
to register on the counter to access the hotel room so have the views you do.
If not then you want to create a new folder on your server for and give it a name Rupp's.
This folder will hold all of the API Rops.
So under this folder you want to create another file which is here and you want to get the name Count.
Yes.
Let's import router.
So congrats for us.
These acts the same as that we would do this be the same.
I get that we did on the server last fall which is this one but the difference is you can group your
API name.
For example this specific file will have a prefix of counts and then the name will be signed.
So the prefix name will be it comes you'll see it in action later on.
So let's go ahead and remove this.
So the next thing we need is an encryption token library to encrypt users information and transmit it
between different parties in Jaison format.
The library is Jason weap talking to Jason Webb token or GMAT.
It's a compact.
You are all safe means of reboot you're presenting information to be transferred between two parties.
So you want to go to your terminal and you want to end all these dash dash
so we don't always have time to go back here and you want to Conte's creativity.
Going to require Giese on the web to
then we need to require or import we use a schema that we just exported in the last few.
So that we could save new users in the future.
So we're able to hear the Condes user rules to require that
so they're clean we are calling in routes folder so you know if we need to go back to the server folder
do dot dot and then only type in models and then the father you want
let's go ahead and create our own official API.
So without her dot it would be close and it is a sign up
then the press responds and next that you want to come up.
So you want to test it first.
So finally you want to do is you want to explore this rodder or
we are using one of the thematics which is post-master post is technically sending the data to the server.
That's it you remember body parser for example on server.
Just remember that we did what the parser dogies saw.
So technically body parser is a library to read data from front end.
So to access those data we use requests dot body no matter what you need to use.
Of course that body you see in action we need to install a chrome software called postman.
Let's go ahead and do that.
So it was good to Chrome and we wanted to go toward the room
and you want to keep the circling postman.
This is Zach software and at the chrome
checking
right now we have this postman.
I mean post-merge offer.
So you want to take me Street to get ice cream cone.
Another top.
That's it.
But before we test this route we need three important is Schrott own server dodgy file.
So head back to what we used to do and we need to import these files on a server.
Yes.
So let's disrupt first and type in cons.
These are brothers who are robots and can use arms and users.
So what is happening is we are giving this rat a prefix name which is API.
It comes.
So technically we group all the API under a count's name.
So to have a prefix name just put API icons and then the file which is user Iraq's.
So dead set since sign on is in a condo J as file.
Then let's go back to postman and it would be cool to be
signed up.
So remember it is a post method.
So you want to type in when to click this and go to posts and go to body and then click next available
form your code and you pass an email.
For example has pulled up an email and through through the things you want the name to be.
Mr. PC so let's go back to our visual.
I mean our polls show and less power up the server.
So Ron Northmen server
magic happens.
OK.
Connected to the terrorist.
So was quick scan and it's loading.
But if you go to the terminal it shows all the data that we send to the database.
So later on we can actually capture e-mail password and name.
Awesome.
Now we want to create the actual logic of the Sign-Up API.
The logic of the API is simple.
You want to check the database.
If the use exists if it does exist then show them a message.
This use already exists for example if the user does not exist in a database that's safe we use it to
the database.
So go ahead or write the code so it will go back to our studio and go to a counselor.
Yes.
And you want to remove this.
So you want to let you.
Of course it does.
Because you get it because you get to a rule requires that body name would cause the body to pass her
body to email.
That is how you capture the data.
So these are two big questions.
Sure.
Because to guess what it's not going to be requests because we're going to use our custom method we
just create it which is Gravitar.
So go back to our current topic user Gravatar Gravatar.
Right.
And then the next thing is user databases our course was the dot does.
So that will be completely
So if music does make sense then you want to respond to
the
fine one.
It's a function by mongoose.
It will search for one particular document that has the specific attribute which you know kids email
attribute check if use it does exist.
If it does exist it simply show the email already exists.
We're going to show a message to users that this e-mail has been taken for example else we want to save
the user.
So the next step we want to do is we want to encrypt the use object in a token so that the front end
could use to encrypt the token information like using email name or picture and display it.
We need to import our secret key from the conflict file and use that as part of our encryption.
So it was go ahead and do the regluing cons conflict reporter
Sarabi right here.
You want to create that which will be far too Jeta.
We should be talking.
Don't sign
anyone to pass any user object.
And then you want to do here you want to do.
And that's great.
You want to fire
me
to this.
Max is spot on.
These are folks
who
say
you're passing them.
So it's cleaned up a little bit.
So statically you what is happening is we encrypt the token with the users object.
The secret key and the expiry date which will expire in seven days and then when you Spawn's the adjacent
data to the front end with that success message.
And toker as part of the body.
So go out and test tape.
Let's go to postman and look another value which will be December true.
And then you want to check that the show OK.
Everything is good so is good and send and cannot get any response.
I mean there's an error.
So now cannot read properties safe or no.
So let's go back to you.
Let's check what's wrong.
All right the real reason why because we use the same name which is user and user.
So these changes to the existing user
so what we were trying to do is we're trying to see if there's a user object instead of this one.
So you get confused as why it returns now.
Because if you check the database the database is empty right now.
So it returns now.
So we're trying to save knowledged it.
So now you see to safe.
It is good or if they can restart the server.
Yes.
Clear
and let's go ahead and send a small time error.
Can we see that.
Of course because we forgot to save the file.
So again magic happens.
Awesome 330 here and then boom.
Here we are.
You get a result So success is true and we have the message and you took it.
And we received the token itself.
So the final step is to go to Crome and to go to and lab and check whether you know what have we already
saved the data to the database and so go log in and I cannot wait to see it.
Of course
internet is quite slow.
No someone is watching tv series or something.
So for us would be cool.
Let's go through a zone on web application.
Now let's go and check user's documents one mese.
So there you have it.
Mr. ABC ABC NBC password encrypted.
Awesome.
And then we have the picture as well.
So everything is correct.
So go back to our postman and let's try to submit it once again.
We already see this in the same e-mail.
I mean since you already save ABC and ABC to come see what it will.
No return at all.
Or will it see it again.
So send boom accom come with that e-mail is already exist meaning it cannot be duplicated.
So go back here.
We just simply check existing use already exist then use you want to send this message.
It come with it.
E-mail is already exists.
Amazing as in this video we learn how to create a Sign-Up API in the next video.
We will learn how to create a logging API.
I'll see you guys in the next video.